Who dares to touch my son?
You are here, cut me off
Where am I?
There, here, cut me
Long Yu, please come in
You want to cut me
No, no, how can I hit you and cut the dragon master?
I'm like the gall of the heavens, and I don't dare to cut you.
Lord Long, why are you here?
You have to ask your good son.
What are you doing here?
Dad is the devil king of the name rivers and lakes
Why is there a waiter who is rude?
bastard
Dragon Lord is an existence worthy of your admiration all my life
How dare you call him a waiter?
What did you do to offend the dragon master?
Apologize to the dragon master quickly
Do you think it can be solved by provoking me to apologize?
What does face mean?
Your son released my woman and stabbed me
Tell me how to solve this
Not solved well
I'm going to figure it out my own way